If you have a place on your application where you want to style some text, let's say on the discover
page here in our paragraph, in the ion-card content which would essentially be that text here below
the image and there, let's say we want to give that text a different color, then you actually will have
multiple ways, for example of course you can simply select that paragraph tag with CSS and assign your
own color, use an inline style and so on but you can also wrap this.
Now you could use an ion-label here to wrap this and there, you actually can set a color property and
you could set this to a primary or let's say to danger here, so that we can clearly see it.
And if you do that as this page reloads,
you actually see it's red.
OK,
so you can do that. If we inspect this now,
we see that here is our paragraph and the label is in the paragraph there
and this does not do much, it actually assigns quite a lot of attributes and classes here
but if we have a look at the actual styles that are having effect or that are assigned, then we see we're
using that danger color here for this label. And all the other label effects are not really kicking
in because it's not in an ion-item,
it's not connected to an input or anything like that.
Now in cases like this, of course you can use the label, as you see it works, it looks OK,
it will also not be a performance issue but if you just want to style some text, you can also use
ion-text here.
If you wrap ion-text, this also has a color property and you will see as this reloads,
you have the same effect.
Now ultimately, you are of course free to use what you want therefore but it is a good idea, a good practice
to use ion-text whenever you are simply having the goal of styling some text. If you just want to
change the color of a text, use ion-text, if you want to have multiple text nodes, multiple text elements,
multiple h1 and paragraphs in an ion-item, use ion-label instead.
You can't really mess this up if you're using an ion-label here, it's not a problem at all,
just keep in mind if you're only trying to color the text or anything like that, use ion-text, if you're
in an ion-item or you're working with a form control, then use ion-label instead.